Another feature of Amazon S3 is the requester pays.
And we're going to go into the properties of a bucket and have a look at this.
So requester pays means that the requester.
In other words whoever is trying to access the data will pay for the requests and the data transfer
charges.
So it doesn't mean that they pay for storage.
The bucket owner always pays for storage but it means that they will pay for any of those data transfer
charges and request charges.
So we can just click on Learn more here when you configure request to pays the bucket owner still pays
the storage cost.
As I mentioned before and then the requester pays for the transfer charges and the request charges.
So because you therefore need to be an authenticated user.
In other words a user from another AWS account.
It doesn't support anonymous requests.
It doesn't also support bitcoin or SOAP requests.
Now also the request must include certain parameters in the header of the request so that specifies
information that is used then to ensure that that user is charged for those requests and that data transfer
back in the bucket.
Here it's a simple enable or disable.
So I'm not going to configure it here.
Just read about it and understand that this is a potential solution for certain use cases.